background	General introduction to past work	has highlighted	Recently, van CITE-p-20-3-9 has highlighted the importance of proper name generation.
background	General introduction to past work	there are relatively few	There are relatively few published works on understanding the semantic structure of web queries.
background	General introduction to past work	there are relatively few	There are relatively few attempts to use linguistically motivated features for Chinese word sense disambiguation.
background	General introduction to past work	a large body of literature	There exists a large body of literature on the topic of coreference resolution.
background	General introduction to past work	a large body of literature	There is also a large body of literature in bibliometrics and scientometrics on tracking scientific trends using various citation patterns.
background	General introduction to past work	there is a small body of literature	Similarly, there is a small body of literature that addresses nominal semantic role labelling (CITE-p-18-1-12) and nominal subcategorization frames (CITE-p-18-3-10).
background	General introduction to past work	has been published on	A large amount of literature has been published on parallel resource mining from the web.
background	General introduction to past work	has been published on	Compared with a fair amount of works on English negation and speculation identification, unfortunately, few works has been published on Chinese.
background	General introduction to past work	has been published on	Although Chinese processing is of the same importance as English and other Western language processing, unfortunately few work has been published on Chinese relation extraction.
background	General introduction to past work	has been published on	Finally, very little has been published on creating cognate sets based on both phonetic and semantic information, which is the task that we focus on in this paper.
background	General introduction to past work	previous findings	Contrary to previous findings, CITE-p-23-3-0 find no advantage in decoding neural activity patterns associated with concrete words for image-based models.
background	General introduction to past work	previous findings	Similar to previous findings (CITE-p-11-3-1), we observe that our specialized embeddings outperform language-only as well as other multimodal embeddings in the downstream tasks of interest.
background	General introduction to past work	has revealed	Previous research on the subject has revealed a high correlation ratio between the number of influenza patients and actual tweets related to influenza.
background	General introduction to past work	has revealed	Our analysis of (CITE-p-11-1-2, CITE-p-11-1-2, CITE-p-11-1-3), from the perspective of submodularity, has revealed an interesting connection.
background	General introduction to past work	has revealed	Twentieth-century linguistic work on Chinese (CITE-p-13-10-1, CITE-p-13-14-4, CITE-p-13-14-9, CITE-p-13-14-9, inter alia) has revealed the incorrectness of this traditional view.
background	General introduction to past work	has revealed	Recent work has revealed that the overloaded use of representations makes model training difficult, and such problems can be alleviated by explicitly separating these functions (CITE-p-20-3-22, CITE-p-20-1-0, CITE-p-20-3-18, CITE-p-20-3-8, CITE-p-20-3-24).
background	History of the related topics	has a long history	Research in building factoid QA systems has a long history.
background	History of the related topics	has a long history	The relation extraction and classification problem has a long history.
background	History of the related topics	has a long history	Question answering has a long history in NLP and IR research.
background	History of the related topics	has a long history	Bibliometrics, the quantitative study of scientific literature, has a long history.
background	History of the related topics	has a long history	The task of language generation from logical forms has a long history.
background	History of the related topics	over the past decade	As computer vision techniques have improved over the past decade, other research has begun directly using visual information in place of feature norms.
background	History of the related topics	over the past decade	This is reflected in the query focused tasks run in the Document Understanding Conference (DUC) and Text Analysis Conference (TAC) over the past decade.
background	History of the related topics	over the past decade	Supervised NE Tagging has been studied extensively over the past decade (CITE-p-16-1-1, CITE-p-16-1-0, CITE-p-16-1-7).
background	History of the related topics	in recent years	Joint models for NLP have shown effectiveness in recent years.
background	History of the related topics	in recent years	In recent years, politeness has been studied in online settings.
background	History of the related topics	in recent years	Semantic parsing has attracted considerable research attention in recent years.
background	History of the related topics	in recent years	In recent years, deep neural networks have shown promising results.
background	History of the related topics	in recent years	Research in creative language generation has bloomed in recent years.
background	History of the related topics	early examples	The frames of CITE-p-23-6-6, schemas of CITE-p-23-6-11, and scripts of CITE-p-23-6-12 are early examples.
background	History of the related topics	early examples	Sparse Word Representations While cooccurrence matrices and their PPMI transformed variants are early examples of sparse representations, recent work has leveraged Nonnegative Sparse Embedding (NNSE) (CITE-p-26-3-19).
background	History of the related topics	early examples	This research is also related to early examples of learning bilingual lexicons using monolingual corpora (CITE-p-14-3-12, CITE-p-14-3-4); the latter used CCA to find matched word pairs.
background	History of the related topics	early examples	Early examples of the use of sparsity in natural language processing include maximum entropy classification (CITE-p-15-1-8), language modeling (CITE-p-15-1-6), and incremental parsing (CITE-p-15-3-0).
background	History of the related topics	over the past two decades	Word segmentation has received steady attention over the past two decades.
background	History of the related topics	over the past two decades	Over the past two decades, the South African government has continuously supported HLT related text and speech projects.
background	History of the related topics	over the past two decades	Over the past two decades researchers all around the world released many corpora, including well known British National Corpus (BNC) (CITE-p-18-3-5) developed between 1991 and 1994, and containing more than 100 million words of written and spoken language from a wide range of sources (CITE-p-18-3-19, CITE-p-18-3-1).
background	History of the related topics	historically	Historically, domain adaptation has been less well studied in the NLG community.
background	History of the related topics	historically	Historically, task-oriented dialog systems have been built as pipelines of separately trained modules.
background	History of the related topics	historically	Historically, submodular functions have their roots in economics, game theory, combinatorial optimization, and operations research.
background	History of the related topics	it is only since * that	It is only since the recent advancement in neural nets and word embeddings that vector space models are gaining ground for ontology induction and relation extraction (CITE-p-18-3-8, CITE-p-18-1-11).
background	History of the related topics	first articulated	Dagan et al. (1991) first articulated the need for “a multilingual corpora based system, which exploits the differences between languages to automatically acquire knowledge about word senses.”
background	History of the related topics	it was not until * that	It was not until the growing availability of large-scale lexical resources and corpora in the 1990s that the need to establish a common platform for the evaluation of WSD systems was recognized.
background	What is done in past work	has utilized	Turning to parsing, most work has utilized uncertainty sampling (CITE-p-20-1-18, CITE-p-20-1-9, CITE-p-20-1-17).
background	What is done in past work	using this approach	Significant improvements are reported using this approach but the need for large manually aligned data is a bottleneck.
background	What is done in past work	using this approach	Using this approach, Belhoula (CITE-p-11-1-2) reports error rates of 4.3% for German place names and 10% for last names.
background	What is done in past work	using this approach	Some pioneering systems using this approach are (CITE-p-11-3-1) and (CITE-p-11-3-6), which show a low performance.
background	What is done in past work	have been undertaken	Comparisons of parser metrics have been undertaken in the past.
background	What is done in past work	have been undertaken	Many different approaches to social media normalization have been undertaken.
background	What is done in past work	have been undertaken	A number of stochastic-based generation efforts have been undertaken in recent years.
background	What is done in past work	have been undertaken	Attempts have been undertaken to provide web interfaces for MATH-w-3-1-0-77 as, for example, Shiny 3 and rApache 4 .
background	What is done in past work	have been undertaken	These approaches suffer from limited coverage and inefficient inference, though efforts to circumvent sparsity have been undertaken (CITE-p-23-2-7, CITE-p-23-2-8).
background	What is done in past work	several studies have investigated	Several studies have investigated the chances of predicting continuous participation in SNSs such as MOOC and health care forum (Rosé and Siemens, 2014; Kloft et al., 2014; Ramesh et al., 2014; Sadeque et al., 2015).
background	What is done in past work	several studies have investigated	Several studies have investigated the use of symbolic representations (such as dependency trees) to guide the composition of distributed representations (CITE-p-20-3-3, CITE-p-20-3-21, CITE-p-20-3-4, CITE-p-20-3-13).
background	What is done in past work	has focused on	In practice, empirical NC research has focused on three-word compounds.
background	What is done in past work	has focused on	Some previous work has focused on the usefulness of YouTube comments.
background	What is done in past work	has focused on	Previous work has focused on a variety of different meaning representations.
background	What is done in past work	has focused on	Past work has focused on identifying deceptive speech produced by adults.
background	What is done in past work	previous studies have explored	Previous studies have explored the effect of translation resources such as bilingual wordlists or parallel corpora on CLIR performance.
background	What is done in past work	previous studies have explored	Previous studies have explored unsupervised induction of salient content structure in newswire texts (CITE-p-25-1-1), temporal graph representations (CITE-p-25-1-2), and storyline extraction and event summarization (CITE-p-25-3-12).
background	What is done in past work	have examined	Earlier studies have examined both syntactically and semantically ill-formed input.
background	What is done in past work	have examined	CITE-p-17-1-2 have examined cultural bias based on Wikipedia’s NPOV policy.
background	What is done in past work	researchers have considered	Several researchers have considered text classification tasks similar to action-item detection.
background	What is done in past work	researchers have considered	Researchers have considered tag-tag relationships for personalized query expansion, by selecting the most related tags from a user’s profile (CITE-p-18-1-0, CITE-p-18-1-2).
background	What is done in past work	researchers have considered	A number of researchers have considered the problem of projecting linguistic annotations from the source to the target language in a parallel corpus (Yarowsky et al., 2001; Hwa et al., 2005; CITE-p-16-3-2; CITE-p-16-5-9; CITE-p-16-5-3; CITE-p-16-3-14).
background	What is done in past work	have attempted to	A few previous approaches have attempted to interface sentence compression with summarization.
background	What is done in past work	have attempted to	Accordingly, many researchers have attempted to construct lexicons automatically, especially for English.
background	What is done in past work	have attempted to	In the literature, various different methods have attempted to overcome this limitation.
background	What is done in past work	have attempted to	A few previous approaches have attempted to interface sentence compression with summarization.
background	What is done in past work	have attempted to	Other methods have attempted to exploit morphological, syntactic and semantic characteristics of MWEs.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	suggest that	Numerous studies suggest that translated texts are different from original ones.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	suggest that	They suggest that information theoretic measures can also measure semantic relatedness.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	suggest that	They suggest that these, among other NLI datasets, contain statistical irregularities.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	suggest that	Their experiments suggest that convolutional neural networks outperform feature-based sufficiency classification.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	has established	Previous research has established that users routinely use email for managing requests in the workplace — e.g., (Mackay, 1988; Ducheneaut and Bellotti, 2001).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	has established	Past research has established that the time perspective is an important factor to determine the human emotional intelligence (CITE-p-17-5-8).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	has established	Past research has established that highly conscientious people exhibit more futureand less present-oriented (CITE-p-10-5-9; Webley and Nyhus, 2006; Adams and Nettle, 2009).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have shown that	They have shown that their model yields improved results in language model and question answering.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have shown that	Recent studies have shown that SMT systems can benefit from the utilization of context information.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been argued that	However, it has been argued that the conversion of parsing results into an intermediate representation is difficult and far from perfect.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been argued that	In fact, it has been argued that a constraint-based approach is required in order to capture rich feature-based interactions.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been argued that	It has been argued that the Parseval metrics are too forgiving and that phrase structure is not the ideal representation for a gold standard (CITE-p-11-1-5).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been argued that	It has been argued that frequency of a word influences the speed of lexical processing and thus, can serve as a diagnostic tool to observe the nature and organization of lexical representations.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have been found to	However, n-gram models are extremely simple and have been found to be effective in many applications.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have been found to	While simple, in practice these methods have been found to perform poorly (CITE-p-23-8-4).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have been found to	As such, pattern-based extraction mechanisms have been found to yield good citation extraction results (CITE-p-13-1-5).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have been found to	However, such approaches have been found to be highly topic dependent (Engström, 2004; Gamon and Aue, 2005; Blitzer et al., 2007).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have argued that	CITE-p-19-1-7, CITE-p-19-1-8 have argued that this method generally performs poorly.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have argued that	Some researchers have argued that the VMS may be an elaborate hoax created to only appear as a meaningful text.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have argued that	Others have argued that animacy should be captured by a hierarchy or by categories (CITE-p-12-1-0, CITE-p-12-3-10).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	there is consensus	Thus, there is consensus that discourse-informed MT evaluation metrics are needed in order to advance research in this direction.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	there is consensus	Although phonetic, morphological and syntactic factors influence AO in specific contexts, there is consensus in the theoretical literature that semantics is the determining factor in the general case (see CITE-p-11-1-12 for further discussion).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have identified	They have identified several types of bridging relations like set-subset, event-argument etc.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have identified	Then, they have identified the polarity or sentiment of the fact using Naive Bayes classifier.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been demonstrated that	It has been demonstrated that pre-grouping MWEs as wordswith-spaces can improve the performance of shallow parsing for English (Korkontzelos and Manandhar, 2010).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been demonstrated that	It has been demonstrated that the denoising autoencoder could decrease the effects of translation errors on the performance of CLSC (CITE-p-18-5-11).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been suggested that	It has been suggested that what arguments are considered as effective is subjective (O’Keefe and Jackson, 1995).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been suggested that	'In addition, it has been suggested that they serve to facilitate active participation in dialogues and promote ''smooth'' conversations (Duncan and Fiske, 1987).'
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been suggested that	(Alternatively, it has been suggested that either phonological word count or stressed syllable count rather than orthographic word count may be a useful measure of phrase length on the lowest level [CITE-p-14-5-4].)
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been shown that	It has been shown that structure and semantic constraints are effective for enhancing semantic parsing.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been shown that	It has been shown that peephole connections make precise timings easier to learn (CITE-p-17-1-5).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been shown that	It has been shown that any submodular function can be minimized in polynomial time (Schrijver, 2000)(CITE-p-13-1-9).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been shown that	Recently, it has been shown that they are also capable of encoding and restoring relevant information from a whole input sequence.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	it has been shown that	It has been shown that translation of high-frequency words is easier than low frequency words (CITE-p-21-3-14).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have found	These studies have found interesting associations between deception and gender.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have found	Such studies have found that users express concern over the credibility of tweets belonging to certain topics (politics, news, emergency).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have found	Several studies have found that the purpose of small talk is not to negotiate knowledge but to aid in management of social situation.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have found	Various studies have found that financial news can dramatically affect the share price of a security (CITE-p-22-1-5, CITE-p-22-3-12).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have found	However, recent studies have found merit in segmenting each message into functional units and assigning a single DA to each segment (CITE-p-13-1-4).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have reported	Recently, several studies have reported results on identifying different types of dementia with NLP and speech recognition techniques.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have reported	Several studies have reported correlation to WordSim353 norms as part of their evaluation procedures, with some studies explicitly referring to it as a collection of human-assigned relatedness scores (CITE-p-11-3-3, CITE-p-11-3-5, CITE-p-11-3-11).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have shown that	Recent studies have shown that SMT systems can benefit from the utilization of context information.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have shown that	In opinion mining, numerous studies have shown that syntactic parsing features are very helpful for opinion analysis.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have shown that	Numerous studies have shown that local distributional cues can serve well the purpose of inducing word boundaries.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have shown that	Previous studies have shown that using additional contexts for sentiment classification helps improve the performance of the classifier.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have shown that	Studies have shown that social interaction with teachers and peers (e.g., substantive conversation) can enhance student learning experience and improve learning outcomes.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	studies have indicated that	First, previous studies have indicated that there is a low to moderate agreement rate among humans for annotating PECO elements.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have suggested that	Although these and other researchers have suggested that nonverbal behaviors undoubtedly play a role in grounding, previous literature does not characterize their precise role with respect to dialogue state.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have suggested that	However, as described in Section 2, several behavioral studies of task-oriented collaboration have suggested that visual context plays a critical role in determining which objects are salient parts of a conversation.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have suggested that	However, two pieces of recent work have suggested that this understanding of the normalization task is too narrow, as it ignores many other hallmarks of informal writing that are prevalent in social media data.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have demonstrated that	They have demonstrated that these features do not help the identification in isolation.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have demonstrated that	Recent studies have demonstrated that the systems trained on the human-written texts learn human-like biases (CITE-p-11-1-1, CITE-p-11-1-3).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have demonstrated that	CITE-p-11-1-8 have demonstrated that broadening and narrowing of word senses can be tracked over time by applying LSA to small word contexts in diachronic corpora.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have confirmed	A growing number of studies have confirmed a strong association between personal traits and substance use.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have confirmed	CITE-p-22-3-7 have confirmed this prediction by showing that MATH-w-4-1-3-111 does increase with MATH-w-4-1-3-122 within multiple genres of written text of different languages.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have revealed	Qualitative and quantitative studies (Garrod and A. Anderson, 1987; Pickering and Garrod, 2006; Reitter and Moore, 2014) have revealed that the alignment of linguistic elements at different representation levels between interlocutors facilitates the success of task-oriented dialogues.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have revealed	Large-scale studies have revealed subtle dynamics in conversations such as coordination or style matching effects (CITE-p-18-3-1, CITE-p-18-1-10) as well as expressions of social power and status (Bramsen et al., 2011; Danescu-NiculescuMizil et al., 2012).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have highlighted	Such studies have highlighted how managing multiple ongoing tasks through email leads to information overload (Whittaker and Sidner, 1996; Bellotti et al., 2003), especially in the face of an ever-increasing volume of email.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	have highlighted	Nevertheless, (CITE-p-24-4-2, CITE-p-24-4-3, CITE-p-24-4-13) and (CITE-p-24-4-18), among others, have highlighted that the analysis of temporal information is often an essential component in text understanding and is useful in a wide range of information retrieval applications.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * compared	CITE-p-19-5-16 compared attention based input representations and attention based pooling.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * compared	CITE-p-18-1-17 compared several popular unsupervised models within a unified framework.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * compared	CITE-p-15-3-4 compared five machine learning methods and found SVM outperformed the others.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * compared	CITE-p-43-3-1 compared nine user-network-based approaches targeting Twitter, controlling data conditions.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * measured	CITE-p-24-1-18 measured CLIR performance as a function of bilingual dictionary size.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * measured	CITE-p-16-1-3 measured user participation in the voting process that ranks Reddit content.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * measured	CITE-p-18-1-13 measured “yield”, the number of correct rules learned for an input relation.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * measured	CITE-p-17-3-1 measured the variation between models by observing semantic change using diachronic corpora.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * used	CITE-p-20-3-20 used a set of 40 papers, CITE-p-20-3-7 used 21 and CITE-p-20-5-7 used only 9 papers.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * used	CITE-p-16-1-1 used a graph based method, and CITE-p-16-3-0 used a rule-based method.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * used	To add lexical information, CITE-p-17-5-10 used multilingual word clusters, while CITE-p-17-5-17, CITE-p-17-3-8, CITE-p-17-5-7 and CITE-p-17-3-9 used multilingual word embeddings.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * identified	CITE-p-16-5-19 identified claims and other argument components in student essays.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * identified	CITE-p-22-1-6 use around 4K emails from 325 gender identified authors.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * identified	CITE-p-22-1-5 use around 9K emails from 108 gender identified authors.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * identified	CITE-p-22-1-8 use around 18K emails from 144 gender identified authors.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * carried out	CITE-p-18-4-3 carried out the first experimental exploration of this phenomenon.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * carried out	CITE-p-20-1-1 carried out experiments on sentiment active learning through crowdsourcing.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * carried out	CITE-p-17-3-16 carried out a comprehensive empirical study corroborating these findings with large and diverse datasets.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * carried out	(CITE-p-17-1-2) carried out a similar experiment on sentences of all lengths, and (CITE-p-17-1-27) report additional results.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * carried out	CITE-p-17-1-8 and Baron et al. (1998) carried out sentence unit (SU) and disfluency prediction as separate tasks.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * studied	CITE-p-26-3-24 studied the association of word subjectivity and word sense.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * studied	CITE-p-10-1-10 studied the problem of detecting implicit relations in PDTB.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * studied	Finally, the DARPA Communicator data (CITE-p-20-5-2) has been previously studied.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * analyzed	CITE-p-15-1-15 analyzed the interaction dynamics and persuasion strategies in CMV.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * analyzed	CITE-p-14-1-16 analyzed the impact of automatic translation on sentiment analysis.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * analyzed	CITE-p-17-3-5 analyzed sadness in posts reacting to news of Michael Jackson’s death.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * performed	CITE-p-25-1-2 performed a study on citation summaries and their importance.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * performed	CITE-p-20-3-5 performed pattern learning through bootstrapping while extracting subjective expressions.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * performed	(CITE-p-14-3-10, CITE-p-14-3-7) performed Sentiment Identification in Hindi-English code-mixed social media text.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * reviewed	CITE-p-14-3-9 reviewed theories of argumentation quality assessment and suggested a unified framework.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * reviewed	CITE-p-17-1-1 reviewed the current research trends and presented a number of interesting applications along with the open problems.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * conducted	CITE-p-13-3-6 conducted early polarity classification of reviews using supervised approaches.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * conducted	Also, CITE-p-20-3-0 conducted human experiments with a subset of their corpus.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * conducted	CITE-p-21-3-5 conducted a comprehensive study across a variety of NLP tasks.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * investigated	CITE-p-21-3-8 investigated summarizing several genres of speech, including spontaneous meeting speech.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * investigated	CITE-p-15-3-1 investigated truecasing in tweets, where truecased corpora are less available.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * investigated	Amongst others, CITE-p-26-3-15 also investigated ways of splitting katakana noun compounds.
background	What is done in past work	a recent study	A recent study investigates data selection for neural machine translation (CITE-p-18-5-10).
background	What is done in past work	a recent study	A recent study by CITE-p-8-3-16 takes a different approach towards cross-annotation evaluation.
background	What is done in past work	a recent study	There was also a recent study using entropy in the context of Web search (CITE-p-19-1-10).
background	What is done in past work	a study by	In 1985 a study by CITE-p-19-1-16 reviewed 97 different reading comprehension tests, although few of these have gained wide use.
background	What is done in past work	a study by	A study by CITE-p-17-3-3 contrasted topic modelling, k-means, incremental one pass clustering and clustering on common unigrams and bigrams.
background	What is done in past work	a study by	A study by (CITE-p-8-3-6) performed CR on sentences from the GENIA corpus containing one instance of the word “and” coordinating noun phrases.
background	What is done in past work	preliminary work on	CITE-p-26-1-11 did the preliminary work on Chinese SRL without any large semantically annotated corpus of Chinese.
background	What is done in past work	preliminary work on	Sun and Jurafsky (2004) did the preliminary work on Chinese SRL without employing any large semantically annotated corpus of Chinese.
background	What is done in past work	preliminary work on	Sun and Jurafsky (2004) did the preliminary work on Chinese SRL without any large semantically annotated corpus and produced promising results.
background	What is done in past work	was first carried out	Work on automated genre classification was first carried out by CITE-p-15-1-19.
background	What is done in past work	was presented by	An alternative approach to the AFP was presented by CITE-p-14-1-7.
background	What is done in past work	was presented by	A preliminary overview of the system was presented by Corbett and Murray-Rust (2006).
background	What is done in past work	was presented by	Another kernel-based approach using different sources of syntactic information was presented by CITE-p-9-3-3.
background	What is done in past work	was presented by	A purely graph-based approach to WSD was presented by Agirre, de Lacalle, and CITE-p-31-1-0.
background	What is done in past work	in an analysis of * found	In an analysis of their data they found implicit arguments to be very frequent, as their annotation added 65% more arguments to NomBank.
background	What is done in past work	in an analysis of * found	In an analysis of this dataset CITE-p-17-7-4 found, though, that only 6.2% of the questions require causal reasoning, 1.2% logical reasoning, and 0% analogy.
background	What is done in past work	in a recent study	In a recent study closer to our work, CITE-p-12-3-1 use high-order part-of-speech ngram to model and detect learner errors on the sentence level.
background	What is done in past work	in a recent experiment	In a recent experiment with a wide-coverage parsing system utilizing a lexicalist grammatical framework, Briscoe & CITE-p-13-5-3 observed that half of parse failures on unseen test data were caused by inaccurate subcategorization information in the ANLT dictionary.
background	What is done in past work	was originally	The task of sentiment analysis on product reviews was originally performed to extract overall sentiment from the target texts.
background	What is done in past work	was originally	The idea of a book excerpt completion task was originally introduced in the MSRCC dataset (CITE-p-11-3-15).
background	What is done in past work	was originally	Although it was originally designed for answering who-is questions, Daumé CITE-p-23-1-6 successfully used it for coreference resolution.
background	What is done in past work	was first studied by	The problem of user life event extraction was first studied by Li and Cardie’s (2014).
background	What is done in past work	was first studied by	Scientific article summarization was first studied by (CITE-p-18-5-6) in which they trained a supervised Naive Bayes classifier to select informative content for the summary.
background	What is done in past work	was first reported	The application of PageRank in sentence extraction was first reported in (CITE-p-12-1-3).
background	What is done in past work	was studied extensively	It was studied extensively using logical meaning representations (CITE-p-12-3-16, CITE-p-12-3-9, CITE-p-12-3-7).
background	What is done in past work	was studied extensively	Learning to follow instructions was studied extensively with structured environment representations, including with semantic parsing (CITE-p-13-1-14, CITE-p-13-3-1, CITE-p-13-3-2, CITE-p-13-1-7), alignment models (CITE-p-13-1-1), reinforcement learning (CITE-p-13-1-10, CITE-p-13-1-12, CITE-p-13-5-12), and neural network models (CITE-p-13-3-14).
background	What is done in past work	cite- * provides	Hammarström and CITE-p-18-1-10 provides a current overview of unsupervised learning.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * provides	For example, CITE-p-11-1-3 provides an exhaustive study of such variations.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * provides	CITE-p-19-1-14 provides a general survey of the research in the area.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * provides	(CITE-p-13-1-5) provides information about the types of attributes and classification features.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * provides	CITE-p-10-1-5 provides a comprehensive survey of popular semi-supervised learning techniques.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * examines	For example, CITE-p-10-1-7 examines the effectiveness of Web document summarization by sentence extraction.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * examines	Recent work (CITE-p-15-3-10, CITE-p-15-3-9) also examines what makes an informal social media argument convincing.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * examines	The work in (CITE-p-15-1-7, CITE-p-15-1-5) also examines the impact of segmentation on offline speech translation of talks.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * identifies	The algorithm by CITE-p-15-3-1 identifies coreferring targets in newspaper articles.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * identifies	CITE-p-13-3-11 identifies sentiments based on the semantic orientation of reviews.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * identifies	CITE-p-22-1-7 identifies antonyms by looking for pre-identified phrases in corpus datasets.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * highlights	In particular, the work of CITE-p-21-1-9 highlights some of the fundamental issues of strong stemming, including the potential positive effect of light stemmers like the S-removal stemmer.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * uses	CITE-p-23-3-17 uses convolution over embedding matrices for unigrams, bigrams, and trigrams, while CITE-p-23-1-16 uses just unigrams.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * uses	In a similar manner, the work of (CITE-p-22-3-6) uses NIST scores, and the work of (CITE-p-22-3-5) uses PARSEVAL scores.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * uses	Specifically, CITE-p-13-3-5; CITE-p-13-3-23 uses an LSTM for the sentence encoder, while CITE-p-13-3-7 uses a bag-of-words to represent sentences.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * mentions	CITE-p-19-5-0 classify mentions to more fine-grained types by using different features for mentions and embedding labels in the same space.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * mentions	CITE-p-25-5-18 and CITE-p-25-3-12 decompose the problem over mentions and select the candidate that maximizes their relatedness score, which includes relations to all other mentions.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * mentions	Similarly, Sun et al. (CITE-p-26-2-13) proposed a method based on deep neural networks to model representations of mentions, contexts of mentions, and entities.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * considers	CITE-p-21-1-14 considers only borrowability as far as the lexicon is concerned.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * discusses	CITE-p-10-1-8 discusses the need for analyzing sarcasm in social media.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * discusses	CITE-p-12-1-0 discusses the pros and cons of the pivot approaches in multilingual machine translation.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * discusses	CITE-p-14-3-5 discusses some difficulties in representing idioms, which are largely figurative in meaning, in WordNet.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * defines	In IR, the work of (CITE-p-8-1-4) defines the foundations of TIR.
background	What is done in past work	cite- * defines	(CITE-p-16-3-11) defines a one-layer CNN architecture with comparable performance to (CITE-p-16-3-9).
background	What is found or suggested in past work	according to cite-	According to (CITE-p-14-1-19), this model cannot capture the relationship between entities.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	according to cite-	According to (CITE-p-17-1-6), there are three main approaches for sentence similarity.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	as noted by cite-	As noted by CITE-p-16-3-1, it is possible to identify three main trends of techniques broadly employed through different studies:
background	What is found or suggested in past work	as noted by cite-	As noted by CITE-p-16-1-5, such models should capture influences of the verb such as its semantic properties, its overall frequency, and its frequency in various constructions.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	as noted by cite-	As noted by CITE-p-20-3-19 and CITE-p-20-5-2 however, the ability to paraphrase is key for the development of abstractive summarisation systems since summaries written by humans often rephrase the original content using paraphrases or synonyms or alternative syntactic constructions.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	cite- * argues that	CITE-p-23-1-8 argues that semantics and word formation make noun-noun compounds a heterogeneous class.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	cite- * argues that	CITE-p-24-3-11 argues that, in simple German sentences, non-initial verbs do not need lemma planning at all.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	cite- * argues that	The normalization task has been criticized by CITE-p-18-3-13, who argues that it strips away important social meanings.
background	What is found or suggested in past work	cite- * offers	CITE-p-15-1-14 offers a broad evaluation of similarity measures for WSD.
background	Comparison among past work	similarly cite-	Similarly, CITE-p-20-3-9 utilized a SVM classifier to recognize opinionated sentences.
background	Comparison among past work	similarly cite-	Similarly, CITE-p-15-1-7 compose a story out of multiple short video clips.
background	Comparison among past work	similarly cite-	Similarly, CITE-p-14-1-4 extends word2vec for Chinese with joint modeling with characters.
background	Comparison among past work	similarly cite-	Similarly, CITE-p-20-3-7 measure the frequency of documents that support a claim.
background	Comparison among past work	similarly cite-	Similarly, CITE-p-15-1-5 employs probabilistic context-free grammars to perform surface realization.
background	Comparison among past work	in the same vein cite-	In the same vein, CITE-p-11-3-21 proposed a simple baseline for the task of VQA.
background	Comparison among past work	in the same vein cite-	In the same vein, CITE-p-19-1-8 filter the result of a pattern-based system using feature vectors.
background	Comparison among past work	in the same vein cite-	In the same vein, CITE-p-27-1-9 collected a dataset of 412 statements in context from high-school student exams that were validated against Wikipedia and history textbooks.
background	Comparison among past work	in the same vein cite-	In the same vein, CITE-p-23-5-10 attempt to characterize stylistic differences across subreddits by focusing on very common words and partsof-speech; CITE-p-23-5-12 use language models and topic models to measure similarity across threads within a subreddit.
background	Comparison among past work	every paper	Interestingly, in almost every paper in our survey the researchers chose to analyze their results using more than one evaluation measure, with an average of 2.34 (ACL) and 2.1 (TACL).
background	Comparison between the present and past work	unlike cite-	That is, unlike CITE-p-13-1-5 we do not learn word embeddings and unlike CITE-p-13-5-0 we are not restricted to input sentences.
background	Comparison between the present and past work	unlike cite-	Unlike CITE-p-16-1-16, we do not require target domain labeled data.
background	Comparison between the present and past work	unlike cite-	Unlike CITE-p-15-3-13, we refer to multiple knowledge sources for definitions of medical concepts.
background	Comparison between the present and past work	in contrast to cite-	Also, in contrast to CITE-p-14-1-21, we respect the consistency constraint discussed in Section 1.
background	Comparison among past work	a broader perspective	For a broader perspective, several survey papers are available (CITE-p-19-3-9, CITE-p-19-3-15, CITE-p-19-3-1, CITE-p-19-3-17).
background	Comparison among past work	conversely cite-	Conversely, CITE-p-16-3-15 looked at media pessimism and concluded that high media pessimism predicts downward prices.
background	Comparison among past work	conversely cite-	Conversely, CITE-p-15-1-0 showed that a Hindi dependency parser (Malt) could be improved by using CCG categories.
background	Comparison among past work	conversely cite-	Conversely, CITE-p-8-3-2 developed a technique to optimize the more desirable reverse property of the word types having a sparse posterior distribution over tags.
background	Comparison among past work	conversely cite-	Conversely, CITE-p-27-1-4 approach reading list generation from a structured perspective, first generating a concept graph from the corpus and then traversing the graph to select the most relevant document.
background	Comparison among past work	likewise, cite-	Likewise, CITE-p-19-3-9 employ feedforward nets as a factor in a graphical model for semantic role labeling.
background	Comparison among past work	likewise, cite-	Likewise, (CITE-p-19-1-1) use a WSD classifier to generate a probability distribution of phrase pairs and to build a local language model.
background	Comparison among past work	likewise, cite-	Likewise, CITE-p-18-5-18 train a recursive neural network (CITE-p-18-3-18) over a heuristically derived tree structure to learn morphological composition over continuous vectors.
background	Comparison among past work	likewise, cite-	Likewise, CITE-p-17-2-7 explore the robustness of SGNS and GloVe embeddings trained on large, generic corpora (Wikipedia and news data) and propose methods to align these embeddings across different iterations.
background	Comparison among past work	likewise, cite-	Likewise, CITE-p-11-1-0 developed a higher-order prover based on natural logic tableau system and showed that it achieved high accuracy comparable to state-of-the-art results on the SICK dataset (CITE-p-11-3-11).
background	Summary of past work	together these	Together, these experiments suggest that syllable weight eventually encodes everything about word segmentation that dictionary stress does, and that any advantage that syllable weight has over observing dictionary stress is entirely redundant with knowledge of word-final codas.
background	Summary of past work	all of the work	All of the work above has been conducted on single-document summarization.
background	Summary of past work	all of the work	The word pairs feature have been studied by all of the work above, showing its importance on discourse relation.
background	Summary of past work	all of the work	In all of the work mentioned above, the normalization task was seen primarily as one of converting non-standard tokens into an equivalent standard form.
background	Summary of past work	such studies	There are only a few of such studies using NLP techniques.
background	Summary of past work	such studies	Such studies make use of syntactic style, discourse characteristics, as well as lexical choice.
