introduction	the importance of the topic	is fundamental to	Parameter estimation is fundamental to many statistical approaches to NLP.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is fundamental to	Language modeling (LM) is fundamental to a wide range of applications.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is fundamental to	A long-standing task, WSD is fundamental to many NLP applications (CITE-p-20-3-5).
introduction	the importance of the topic	plays a vital role in	It plays a vital role in Statistical Machine Translation (SMT) as the initial step to generate translation rules in most state of the art SMT approaches.
introduction	the importance of the topic	plays a vital role in	It plays a vital role in robust knowledge extraction from unstructured texts and serves as an intermediate step in a variety of natural language processing applications.
introduction	the importance of the topic	plays a critical role in	Language model (LM) plays a critical role in statistical machine translation (SMT).
introduction	the importance of the topic	plays a critical role in	Determining the word’s polarity plays a critical role in opinion mining and sentiment analysis task.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is essential for	NE recognition is essential for finding possible answers from documents.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is essential for	This distinction is essential for research on linguistic and cultural evolution.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is essential for	Indeed, it is essential for developing transparent and interpretable machine learning NLP models.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is essential for	This task is essential for downstream NLP tasks, such as information extraction and summarization.
introduction	the importance of the topic	play an important role in	Lexical resources play an important role in natural language processing tasks.
introduction	the importance of the topic	play an important role in	Semantic lexicons play an important role in many natural language processing tasks.
introduction	the importance of the topic	play an important role in	Word-level ratings play an important role in computational linguistics and psychology research.
introduction	the importance of the topic	plays a crucial role in	Argumentation plays a crucial role in persuasion and decision-making processes.
introduction	the importance of the topic	plays a crucial role in	Parallel text plays a crucial role in multilingual natural language processing research.
introduction	the importance of the topic	there is a growing body of	There is a growing body of work on incremental processing in dialogue systems.
introduction	the importance of the topic	there is a growing body of	There is a growing body of work on the role of social cues in language acquisition.
introduction	the importance of the topic	there is a growing body of	However, there is a growing body of work in the computer science literature motivated by the success of the MONA decision procedure (Henriksen et al. 1995)2 on the application of these techniques in computer science (CITE-p-4-1-1), which suggests that in practical cases the extreme explosiveness of this technique can be effectively controlled.
introduction	the importance of the topic	there is a growing body of	There is a growing body of research (Sporleder and Lascarides, 2008; Pitler et al., 2009; Lin et al., 2009; Zhou et al., 2010) that focuses on building supervised models for classifying implicit relations using a variety of contextual features, such as the polarity of clauses, the semantic class and tense/aspect of verbs, and information from syntactic parses.
introduction	the importance of the topic	there is a growing body of	However, there is a growing body of work in the computer science literature motivated by the success of the MONA decision procedure (Henriksen et al. 1995)2 on the application of these techniques in computer science (CITE-p-4-1-1), which suggests that in practical cases the extreme explosiveness of this technique can be effectively controlled.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important component in	Recognizing lexical inference is an important component in semantic tasks.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important component in	Word alignment is an important component in statistical machine translation (SMT).
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important component in	Word Sense Disambiguation (WSD) is an important component in many information organization and management tasks.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important component in	N-best list reranking is an important component in many complex natural language processing applications (e.g. machine translation, speech recognition, parsing).
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important component in	Identifying transliteration pairs is an important component in many linguistic applications such as machine translation and information retrieval, which require identifying out-of-vocabulary words.
introduction	the importance of the topic	a key aspect of * is	A key aspect of this project is providing easy interaction between domain experts and the information extraction programs.
introduction	the importance of the topic	a key aspect of * is	A key aspect of sentence chunking is deciding where to place a chunk border so that the resulting chunks can be processed and recombined without loss of information.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is a classic problem in	Categorization is a classic problem in cognitive science, underlying a variety of common mental tasks including perception, learning, and the use of language.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important aspect of	Load management is an important aspect of running an inference service.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important aspect of	Making decisions is an important aspect of conversations in collaborative work.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important aspect of	Micro-reading is an important aspect of natural language understanding (CITE-p-21-6-10).
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important aspect of	Style is an important aspect of information presentation; indeed, different contexts call for different styles.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important aspect of	Spatial knowledge is an important aspect of the world and is often not expressed explicitly in natural language.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is at the heart of	Polarity reversal from details to the big picture is at the heart of thwarting.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is at the heart of	Understanding the meaning of a word is at the heart of natural language processing (NLP).
introduction	the importance of the topic	is at the heart of	This question is at the heart of the Semantic Textual Similarity task (STS)(CITE-p-22-1-0).
introduction	the importance of the topic	has been studied by many researchers	The task of identifying answer quality has been studied by many researchers in the field of Question Answering.
introduction	the importance of the topic	has been the subject of	Dependency parsing is a basic technology for processing Japanese and has been the subject of much research.
introduction	the importance of the topic	has been the subject of	Due to its ever-evolving and collaboratively built content, Wikipedia has been the subject of many NLP studies.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important area	Sentiment analysis of financial text is an important area of research.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important area	Due to the reliance of QA systems on IR technology, the relationship between them is an important area of study.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important area	Automatic image annotation is an important area with many applications such as tagging, generating captions, and indexing and retrieval on the web.
introduction	the importance of the topic	is an important area	With more and more training data automatically extracted from the web and little knowledge about its content, we believe this is an important area to focus on.
introduction	the importance of the topic	has received considerable attention	Semantic representation of text has received considerable attention these past years.
introduction	the importance of the topic	has received considerable attention	Recently, addressing has received considerable attention in modeling multi-party interaction in various domains.
introduction	the importance of the topic	has received considerable attention	Ellipsis is a linguistic phenomenon that has received considerable attention, mostly focusing on its interpretation.
introduction	the importance of the topic	has received considerable attention	The problem of Question Answering (QA) has received considerable attention in the past few years.
introduction	the importance of the topic	has received considerable attention	Local coherence is undoubtedly necessary for global coherence and has received considerable attention in Computational Linguistics.
introduction	the importance of the topic	recently, there has been interest in	Recently there has been interest in the development of a general computational treatment of the comparative.
introduction	the importance of the topic	recently, there has been interest in	Recently, there has been interest in applying discriminatively-trained sequence alignment models to many real-world problems.
introduction	the importance of the topic	recently, there has been interest in	Recently, there has been interest in corpus-based methods to identify alternations (McCarthy and Korhonen, 1998; Lapata, 1999), and associated verb classifications (CITE-p-8-3-0).
introduction	the importance of the topic	in recent years, there has been an increasing interest in	In recent years, there has been an increasing interest in SRL on several languages.
introduction	the importance of the topic	in recent years, there has been an increasing interest in	In recent years there has been an increasing interest in using word embeddings as an alternative to traditional hand-crafted features.
introduction	the importance of the topic	in recent years, there has been an increasing interest in	In recent years, there has been an increasing interest in tree substitution grammar (TSG) as an alternative to CFG for modeling syntax trees (CITE-p-19-6-8, CITE-p-19-6-11, CITE-p-19-1-5).
introduction	the importance of the topic	in recent years, there has been an increasing interest in	In recent years, there has been an increasing interest in the task of paraphrase generation (PG) (Barzilay and Lee, 2003; Pang et al., 2003; Quirk et al., 2004; Bannard and Callison-Burch, 2005; Kauchak and Barzilay, 2006; Zhao et al., 2008; Zhao et al., 2009).
introduction	the importance of the topic	in recent years, there has been an increasing interest in	In recent years, there has been an increasing interest in tasks that require generating natural language, including abstractive summarization (Nallapati et al., 2016), open-response question answering (CITE-p-15-3-6, CITE-p-15-1-8), image captioning (CITE-p-15-1-11), and open-domain dialogue (CITE-p-15-3-2).
introduction	the importance of the topic	decades have seen	The last decades have seen a surge in activity on the computational front, spurred in part by efforts to annotate large corpora for lexical semantics (CITE-p-20-1-1, CITE-p-20-3-0).
introduction	the importance of the topic	recent trends in	One of the recent trends in statistical machine translation (SMT) is the popularity of models that use syntactic information to help solve problems of long-distance reordering between the source and target language text.
introduction	the importance of the topic	the last decade has seen	The last decade has seen a massive use of Support Vector Machines (SVMs) for carrying out NLP tasks.
introduction	the importance of the topic	the last decade has seen	The last decade has seen statistical techniques for Natural Language Processing (NLP) gaining the status of standard approaches to most NLP tasks.
introduction	the importance of the topic	the last decade has seen	The last decade has seen a keen revival of investigations into the suitability of using categorial grammars as theories of natural language syntax and semantics.
introduction	the importance of the topic	the last decade has seen	The last decade has seen several studies investigating the relationship between the language and the demographics of the users of blogs or Twitter (see Sec. 2 for references).
introduction	the importance of the topic	has been attracting	Therefore, emotion classification has been attracting more and more attention, e.g., CITE-p-11-1-3, CITE-p-11-1-12.
introduction	the importance of the topic	has been attracting	The task of stance detection – the automatic classification of stance expressed in text – has been attracting increasing interest, as it is of practical interest to many stakeholders, ranging from political bodies to companies.
introduction	the importance of the topic	has been attracting	This has been attracting the attention of different research communities interested in analyzing its content and motivated many natural language tasks, such as sentiment analysis, emotions detection, opinions retrieval, product recommendation or opinion summarization.
introduction	the importance of the topic	has been attracting	This field has been attracting attention in the research and business communities due to the complexity of human language, and given the range of applications that are interested in harvesting public opinion in different domains such as politics, stocks and marketing.
introduction	the importance of the topic	has been attracting	To efficiently generate structured relation information from free texts, the research on distantly supervised Relation Extraction (RE) (CITE-p-11-1-12, CITE-p-11-1-15, CITE-p-11-1-10) has been attracting much attention, because it can greatly reduce the manual annotation for training.
introduction	the main problem in the field	is a major problem in	Data sparsity is a major problem in building traditional n-gram language models, which assume that the probability of a word only depends on the previous MATH-w-2-1-0-68 words.
introduction	the main problem in the field	one of the main obstacles	One of the main obstacles for CFG parsing is the discontinuity in natural languages caused by ‘interleaving’ of elements from different phrases (CITE-p-13-1-15).
introduction	the main problem in the field	one of the main obstacles	Failing to reproduce factual details has been revealed as one of the main obstacles for neural abstractive summarization (CITE-p-12-1-0, CITE-p-12-5-5).
introduction	the main problem in the field	one of the main obstacles	Despite the large research effort devoted to the modeling of word reordering, this remains one of the main obstacles to the development of accurate SMT systems for many language pairs.
introduction	the main problem in the field	one of the main obstacles	This shortcoming is one of the main obstacles for the adoption of MT systems, especially in machine assisted human translation: MT post-editing, where human translators have an option to edit MT proposals or translate from scratch.
introduction	the main problem in the field	one of the greatest challenges	Long distance reordering remains one of the greatest challenges in Statistical Machine Translation (SMT) research.
introduction	the main problem in the field	one of the greatest challenges	Customization to specific discourse domains and/or user requirements is one of the greatest challenges for today’s Information Extraction (IE) systems.
introduction	the main problem in the field	one of the greatest challenges	Reordering remains one of the greatest challenges in Statistical Machine Translation (SMT) research as the key contextual information may span across multiple translation units.
introduction	the main problem in the field	the main disadvantage of * is	The main disadvantage of supervised learning is that it requires a large annotated corpus.
introduction	the main problem in the field	the main disadvantage of * is	The main disadvantage of supervised techniques, however, is the need for a large annotated corpus.
introduction	the main problem in the field	the main disadvantage of * is	The main disadvantage of supervised methods (that have led to the best disambiguation results) is that they require a large amount of annotated data which is difficult to obtain.
introduction	the main problem in the field	the main challenge is	The main challenge is how to assign appropriate weights to the expanded terms.
introduction	the main problem in the field	the main challenge is	The main challenge is to maintain the continuity and coherence of the original text.
introduction	the main problem in the field	the main challenge is	The main challenge is to create a lexicon of dialect word forms and their associated probability maps.
introduction	the main problem in the field	the main challenge is	The main challenge is that different languages have different orthographies, different phoneme inventories, and different phonotactic constraints, so mismatches are inevitable.
introduction	the main problem in the field	the main challenge is	From a computational standpoint, the main challenge is to ensure that the model scales well as the number of languages increases.
introduction	the main problem in the field	is a major problem	Data sparsity is a major problem in building traditional n-gram language models, which assume that the probability of a word only depends on the previous MATH-w-2-1-0-68 words.
introduction	the main problem in the field	there is an urgent need	With these devices becoming increasingly popular, there is an urgent need for an efficient and reliable text entry method on these small devices.
introduction	the main problem in the field	there is an urgent need	Thus, there is an urgent need for researchers and database curators to cope with the fast growth of biomedical literature (CITE-p-17-1-13).
introduction	the main problem in the field	there is an urgent need	Due to this increasing availability of content on social media websites (such as Twitter, Facebook and Reddit etc.), and blogs (CITE-p-17-3-20) there is an urgent need to identify affected individuals and offer help.
introduction	the main problem in the field	there is an urgent need	However, as an increasing part of our daily communication takes place on social media (e.g. Twitter, Facebook), which are prone to figurative language use, there is an urgent need for automatic systems that recognize and understand figurative online content.
introduction	what is already done by past work	several attempts have been made to	Several attempts have been made to interpolate POS language models with surface models.
introduction	what is already done by past work	several attempts have been made to	Recently, several attempts have been made to classify documents from biomedical domain (CITE-p-12-1-5).
introduction	what is already done by past work	several attempts have been made to	In recent years several attempts have been made to automatically induce semantic verb classes from (mainly) syntactic information in corpus data (CITE-p-14-1-9, CITE-p-14-1-16, CITE-p-14-1-21).
introduction	what is already done by past work	previous research has established that	Previous research has established that recognizing people’s goals is essential for narrative text understanding and story comprehension (CITE-p-22-3-11, CITE-p-22-3-13, CITE-p-22-3-3, CITE-p-22-1-8, CITE-p-22-3-1).
introduction	what is already done by past work	previous research has found	Apart from the cost of manually authoring generation rules, previous research has found that human-authored rules can result in ‘too much information [being] given too quickly’ (CITE-p-7-3-11), which can be addressed by conversational padding.
introduction	what is already done by past work	theories have been proposed	Several different theories have been proposed as to how people find the correct relation with which to link the constituent nouns.
introduction	what is already done by past work	it is well established that	It is well established that in language acquisition, there are robust patterns in the order by which phenomena are acquired.
introduction	what is already done by past work	it is well established that	But it is well-established that language also changes spontaneously based on an internal dynamics (CITE-p-8-1-4).
introduction	what is already done by past work	it is well established that	Children cannot know that sentences like (2) and (4) do not occur, and it is well established that children are not corrected for syntactic errors.
introduction	what is already done by past work	it is well established that	It is well established that the MEANT family of metrics correlates better with human adequacy judgments than commonly used MT evaluation metrics (CITE-p-13-3-12, CITE-p-13-3-9, CITE-p-13-3-17).
introduction	what is already done by past work	have been explored in	Various routes for linking language to extra-linguistic context have been explored in recent years.
introduction	what is already done by past work	have been explored in	So far, various supervised learning approaches have been explored in this field (CITE-p-14-1-1, CITE-p-14-1-7).
introduction	what is already done by past work	have been explored in	Because pronunciation plays an important role in speech perception, features measuring pronunciation using speech technologies have been explored in many previous studies.
introduction	what is already done by past work	have been explored in	In other work, soft or hard constraints on the posterior during the E-step have been explored in order to improve performance.
introduction	what is already done by past work	have been explored in	Similar ideas have been explored in CITE-p-23-1-1, CITE-p-23-1-9, and CITE-p-23-1-15.
introduction	what is already done by past work	studies have provided	Neuroimaging studies have provided evidence that metaphorical language elicits more emotional activation of the human brain than literal language in the same context (Citron and Goldberg, 2014).
introduction	Controversy within the field	subject of debate	While this process seems essential to scientific publication, it is often a subject of debate.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has been restricted to	However, as far as we know, the literature on automatic alignment has been restricted to alphabetic Indo-European languages.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has been restricted to	While NLP research on classifying linguistic hedges has been restricted to analysing biomedical documents, the above (incomplete) list of applications suggests that domain- and language-independent approaches for hedge detection need to be developed.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has been restricted to	Consequently, recent work in dependency parsing has been restricted to applications of second-order parsers, the most powerful of which (Carreras, 2007) requires MATH-w-2-3-0-46 time and MATH-w-2-3-0-53 space, while being limited to second-order parts.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has been restricted to	Most of the research in the field has been restricted to a few languages and almost all methods require substantial linguistic expertise, whether creating a rule-based technique specific to a language or manually annotating a body of text to be used as a training set for a statistical engine or machine learning.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has been restricted to	Previous work has been restricted to limited dialogue context representations and limited sets of actions to choose among (CITE-p-18-10-7, CITE-p-18-4-5, CITE-p-18-7-3, CITE-p-18-7-10, CITE-p-18-7-16, CITE-p-18-7-20, CITE-p-18-10-6, CITE-p-18-10-2).
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	no work exists	Little work exists on using these methods for relation extraction; to the best of our knowledge no work exists on using LSTM models for relation extraction or CNN models for temporal information extraction.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	it is unclear if	+ It is unclear if this approach can encode real-valued features of words (such as word embeddings (Mnih and Hinton, 2007; Collobert and Weston, 2008)) effectively.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	there is no agreement	There is some consensus that the order of prenominal modifiers in noun phrases is governed in part by semantic constraints, but there is no agreement on the exact constraints necessary to specify consistent orderings for any given set of modifiers.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	no previous study	However, to our knowledge, there is no previous study on this issue.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	no previous study	To the best of our knowledge, no previous study has investigated the assumption that the sentiment of a text can be objectively inferred.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	no previous study	Additionally, to our knowledge, there is no previous study that clearly describes how dependency structures should be converted in trees to be fully and effectively exploitable by convolution kernels.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has not been investigated	As far as we know, this method has not been investigated before.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has not been investigated	To the best of our knowledge, this has not been investigated before.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has not been investigated	To the best of our knowledge, this proposition has not been investigated in previous work.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has not been investigated	1 However, whether neural nets achieve this goal in general has not been investigated yet.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has not been investigated	Also the extent to which inclusions pose a problem to existing NLP methods has not been investigated.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	there has been little analysis	Despite such diverse application across domains, there has been little analysis based on Taylor’s law in studying natural language.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	there has been little analysis	Except for some fairly general statements, for example that proper names are easier to resolve than pronouns, which are easier than common nouns, there has been little analysis of which aspects of the problem have achieved success and which remain elusive.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	there has been little analysis	Despite significant progress in the last decade (Klein and Manning, 2004; Headden III et al., 2009; Blunsom and Cohn, 2010; Spitkovsky et al., 2013; Mareček and Straka, 2013), there has been little analysis performed on the types of errors these induction systems make, and our understanding of what kinds of constructions these parsers can or cannot recover is still rather limited.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little attention has been paid to	So far, little attention has been paid to the use of different types of graphs.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little attention has been paid to	Although CG is a radically lexicalist grammatical theory, little attention has been paid to the structure of the lexicon.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little attention has been paid to	Relatively little attention has been paid to models where the statistical approach is combined with a truly linguistic model (i.e. one generated by a linguist).
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	understudied	Especially, presupposition is understudied in the field of corpus-based learning of semantic relations.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	understudied	In this context, it is surprising that embedding semantic similarity of words in low dimensional spaces for knowledge-based approaches is understudied.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	understudied	While there has been growing interest in building systems for translating into Arabic, the evaluation of Arabic MT is still an understudied problem.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	few studies have investigated	By contrast, only a few studies have investigated how these devices affect sentiment analysis.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	few studies have investigated	As important as interpreting referring expressions (REs) is for modern NUI designs, relatively few studies have investigated withing the SDSs.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little discussion	However, despite its importance, and compared to the large body of work describing the empirical performance of automated scoring systems, there has been little discussion of how NLP tools and techniques can contribute to improving the detection of atypical inputs.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little discussion	Although the literature dealing with formal and natural languages aboundswith theoretical argumentsof worst-case performance by various parsing strategies [e.g., Griffiths & Petrick, 1965; Aho & Ullman, 1972; Graham, Harrison & Ruzzo, Ig80], there is little discussion of comparative performance basedon actual practice in understanding natural language.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	is still lacking	In comparison, research on dialectal Arabic (DA), the unstandardized spoken varieties of Arabic, is still lacking in NLP in general and MT in particular.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	is still lacking	Although an unanimous definition of irony is still lacking in the literature, it is often identified as a trope whose actual meaning differs from what is literally enunciated.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	there have been no studies	To the best of our knowledge, there have been no studies which address those important questions.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	there have been no studies	Although brown cluster mapping (CITE-p-13-1-19), Universal POS Tagset (CITE-p-13-1-13), and re-lexicalization and self training (CITE-p-13-1-20) are shown to be effective for direct transfer of dependency parsers, there have been no studies exploring these features for NER transfer.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has received little attention	The idea of using naturalistic corpora has received little attention.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has received little attention	However, another common function of taxonomies, browsing, has received little attention in the NLP community.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has received little attention	Another factor, however, which has received little attention, is that automatic summarizers have poor text generation techniques.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has received little attention	While text generation is a topic of interest in the natural language processing community, pun generation has received little attention.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	there are few studies	There are few studies exploiting machine learning models (CITE-p-12-3-3, CITE-p-12-3-7).
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	there are few studies	Learning to rank methods are popular in document information retrieval, but there are few studies on information extraction.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	there are few studies	There are few studies (CITE-p-13-3-11, CITE-p-13-1-1) on automatically finding Ezafe construction.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	there are few studies	There have been many studies on message or sentence level sentiment classification (CITE-p-16-1-6, CITE-p-16-1-19, CITE-p-16-1-11, CITE-p-16-1-25), but there are few studies on target-dependent, or topic-based, sentiment prediction (CITE-p-16-1-9, CITE-p-16-1-3, CITE-p-16-1-29).
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little understanding	But we still have relatively little understanding of how the algorithm actually determines parameter values.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little understanding	We have little understanding of which aspects of the coreference resolution problem are handled well or poorly by state-of-the-art systems.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little understanding	Unfortunately, in spite of numerous papers on the topic and several published data sets, there is surprisingly little understanding about state-of-the-art performance.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little understanding	Moreover, there is little understanding as to what a perfect score is according to ROUGE, or how naturally this describes a human’s idea of an optimal summary.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little understanding	There is little understanding, however, of exactly how and how well the value of MATH-w-2-1-2-16 reflects the quality of the data for benchmarking purposes.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has not been established	Although it has been suggested that head-driven parsing has benefits for lexicalist grammars, this has not been established in practice.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has not been established	However, its application to complex sentences has not been established because most studies have only investigated its effectiveness with successive simple sentences.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	it is not known	However, it is not known whether languages generated by C-CFGs are all NTS-languages (Clark, 2010a).
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	it is not known	Rich models with latent linguistic variables are popular in computational linguistics, but in general it is not known how to find their optimal parameters.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	it is not known	While it has been observed informally that the internal sentence representations of such models can reflect semantic intuitions (CITE-p-15-4-3), it is not known which architectures or objectives yield the ‘best’ or most useful representations.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	less is known about	However, less is known about the extent to which such models correlate with and reflect human conceptual representation.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	less is known about	However, less is known about this phenomenon in social media — a domain whose endemic uncertainty makes proper treatment of factuality even more crucial (CITE-p-10-1-9).
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	less is known about	While there is evidence that VSM representations encode useful information about the meaning of open-class words such as dog or table, less is known about the extent to which they capture abstract linguistic properties, in particular the aspects of word meaning that are crucial in logical reasoning.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	remains unclear	Despite significant progress, it remains unclear why such systems work.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	remains unclear	It remains unclear how to accurately paraphrase less frequent relations with the distributional hypothesis.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	remains unclear	However, what remains unclear is which of these graphs are most helpful for a specific document exploration task.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	remains unclear	At the same time it often remains unclear how these optimizations relate to each other and what they actually mean.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	remains unclear	Yet it remains unclear why such models make for such strong baselines (CITE-p-16-3-9, CITE-p-16-1-6, CITE-p-16-1-10).
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	very little is known	In contrast, very little is known about how strongly mother tongue interference is transferred to another language and about what relation there is across mother tongues.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	very little is known	Very little is known not only about the feasibility of ad hominem theories in practical applications (the NLP perspective) but also about the dynamics and triggers of ad hominem (the theoretical counterpart).
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	there is uncertainty	There is consensus that improvements from combination are usually best when systems are sufficiently different, but there is uncertainty about which system combination method performs the best.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	poorly understood	Neither the result nor the method has been replicated, and therefore remains poorly understood.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	poorly understood	For specialized domains, however, large machine comprehension datasets are extremely scarce (CITE-p-20-5-16), and the required comprehension skills poorly understood.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little is known about	However, thus far, only little is known about the properties of sentence embeddings.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little is known about	Unfortunately, little is known about how the opportunity for interactive feedback actually influences a spoken discourse.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little is known about	Overall, still, remarkably little is known about what specific semantic properties are directly reflected by such embeddings.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little is known about	However, little is known about how shifts in text over time affect the performance of language processing systems.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	little is known about	However, little is known about typical profiles of texts in terms of co-occurrence behavior of their words.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	it is not clear what	Although the verb-argument relation of VP structures is well understood, it is not clear what kind of semantic relations result in NP structures.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	not fully understood	What we have not fully understood in the past is the extent to which parsing accuracy affects error critiques.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	not fully understood	The relationship between prosody and syntax is not fully understood, though it is generally accepted that there is such a relationship.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	few studies have investigated	By contrast, only a few studies have investigated how these devices affect sentiment analysis.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	few studies have investigated	As important as interpreting referring expressions (REs) is for modern NUI designs, relatively few studies have investigated withing the SDSs.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has not been investigated	As far as we know, this method has not been investigated before.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has not been investigated	To the best of our knowledge, this has not been investigated before.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has not been investigated	To the best of our knowledge, this proposition has not been investigated in previous work.
introduction	Limitation or lack of past work	has not been investigated	Also the extent to which inclusions pose a problem to existing NLP methods has not been investigated.
introduction	The aim of the paper	in this paper we argue that	In this paper we argue that unsupervised methods offer a promising yet challenging alternative.
introduction	The aim of the paper	in this paper we argue that	In this paper we argue that cross-entropy training is not optimal for extractive summarization.
introduction	The aim of the paper	in this paper we argue that	In this paper, we argue that it is beneficial to capture contextual information for question retrieval.
introduction	The aim of the paper	in this paper we argue that	In this paper, we argue that each of these components are interdependent and should be modeled simultaneously.
introduction	The aim of the paper	in this paper we argue that	In this paper, we argue that reordering modeling would greatly benefit from richer cross-boundary contextual information
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper attempts to	This paper attempts to explicate how such coherence relations arise between segments of discourse.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper attempts to	This paper attempts to identify the six main characters in the dialogues occurring in the first 8 seasons of the TV show, Friends.
introduction	The aim of the paper	it will be argued	Below, it will be argued that these semantic representations are indeed too weak, but not only from the point of view of Natural Language Processing.
introduction	The aim of the paper	in this paper, we attempt to	In this paper, we attempt to explore other information to identify parallel web pages.
introduction	The aim of the paper	in this paper, we attempt to	In this paper, we attempt to improve Twitter summaries produced by the PR algorithm.
introduction	The aim of the paper	in this paper, we attempt to	In this paper, we attempt to provide a statistical answer to some of these questions.
introduction	The aim of the paper	in this paper, we attempt to	In this paper we attempt to compare these two algorithms along their generality and efficiency lines.
introduction	The aim of the paper	in this paper, we attempt to	In this paper, we attempt to solve another problem of this kind, known as Logic Grid Puzzle.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the aim of this paper is	The aim of this paper is to understand why this deviation between the-
introduction	The aim of the paper	the aim of this paper is	The aim of this paper is to generate a modification matrix by using decision trees.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the aim of this paper is	The aim of this paper is to give a detailed account of the techniques used in TnT.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the aim of this paper is	The aim of this paper is to deal with the first of these steps, i.e. question analysis module.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the aim of this paper is	The aim of this paper is to develop an automatic method for interpreting NCs based on semantic relations.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the purpose of this paper is	The purpose of this paper is to test two hypotheses.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the purpose of this paper is	The purpose of this paper is to focus on the adaptation of Amalgam to French.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the purpose of this paper is	The purpose of this paper is to propose a new probabilistic model for automatic text categorization.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the purpose of this paper is	The purpose of this paper is to describe speed improvements to the greedy decoder mentioned above.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the purpose of this paper is	The purpose of this paper is to outline the main aspects of our ongoing and future work.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper argues that	This paper argues that this independence assumption is inherently problematic, in particular in morphologically rich languages (e.g., Turkish).
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper argues that	However, this paper argues that importance weighting cannot help adapting POS taggers to new domains using only unlabeled target data.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper argues that	This paper argues that both of these models are suboptimal, even in the space of models that permit such computationally cheap inference.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper argues that	Although L+I methods impose global constraints in the inference phase, this paper argues that global considerations are necessary in the learning phase as well (i.e., structured learning).
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper argues that	This paper argues that there is a class of grammars which allows the use of linguistically-motivated form of type raising involving variables while it is still weakly equivalent to CCG-Std.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper gives	This paper gives empirical answers to the question of how different the theoretical and practical views of argumentation quality actually are.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper gives	This paper gives specific recipes for using a bridge language to construct a word alignment and for combining word alignments produced by multiple statistical alignment models.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper discusses	This paper discusses the treatment of linguis-changing the modifying relations semantically.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper discusses	To make it practical, this paper discusses the problem and explores its solution.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper discusses	This paper discusses the design, implementation and testing of an SPN for topic spotting.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper discusses	This paper discusses query-relevant summarization, sometimes also called “user-focused summarization” (CITE-p-13-1-11).
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper attempts to	This paper attempts to explicate how such coherence relations arise between segments of discourse.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper attempts to	This paper attempts to identify the six main characters in the dialogues occurring in the first 8 seasons of the TV show, Friends.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper provides	This paper provides a first investigation of the sense matching problem.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper provides	This paper provides an example of how to test that utility.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper provides	In contrast, this paper provides a more rigorous and theoretically sound method.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper provides	This paper provides an overall description of the theoretical framework, compilation algorithms, and illustrations.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper provides	This paper provides a more detailed account of the system and reports additional experimental results.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper reviews	This paper reviews two domains of problems in natural language engineering: reuse and integration in the context of software architectures for Natural Language Processing.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper reviews	This paper reviews the currently available design strategies for software infrastructure for NLP and presents an implementation of a system called GATE - a General Architecture for Text Engineering.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper reviews	This paper reviews the framework, discusses some of the pros and cons of this approach using examples from our corpus of news wire stories, and presents an initial evaluation.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper reports	This paper reports a WSD system employing elements of both approaches.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper reports	This paper reports workin-progress to exploit hidden relations among rules.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper reports	This paper reports an overview of the SemEval2 Japanese Word Sense Disambiguation (WSD) task.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper explores	This paper explores the relationship between reading devices and readability.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper explores	More concretely, this paper explores two aspects of the problem.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper explores	This paper explores how, in the TAG case, us-is grammatical.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper explores	This paper explores effective ways to use KB tags for improving NER .
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper explores	This paper explores the first task of identifying frame semantic verb classes.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper considers	The work described in this paper considers the importance of temporal context.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper considers	This paper considers two document classification problems where such representations seem inadequate.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper considers	The research described in this paper considers meronymy, and its extraction from text.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper considers	This paper considers parsing for morphologically rich languages, with Hebrew as a test case.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper considers	This paper considers how interactions between the stages can be exploited to reduce the error rate.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper examines	This paper examines this approach to tag parsing in greater detail.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper examines	This paper examines the importance of topic continuity through a grammatical inference problem.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper examines	This paper examines the practicality of developing a syntax-based semi-supervised NE tagger.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper examines	This paper examines the effects of these biases on the geolinguistic inferences that can be drawn from Twitter.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper examines	This paper examines two problems in document-level sentiment analysis, focusing on analyzing a particular type of opinionated documents: reviews.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper proposes	This paper proposes a novel method for verb entailment acquisition.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper proposes	This paper proposes a novel technique to solve this problem.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper proposes	This paper proposes a novel approach to determine textual similarity.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper proposes	This paper proposes the Hierarchical Directed Acyclic Graph (HDAG) Kernel.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper proposes	This paper proposes a novel intention level user simulation technique.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper compares	This paper compares a wider range of approaches to measuring topic similarity than previous work.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper compares	This paper compares the traditional training paradigm that uses native data to training paradigms that use data with artificial mistakes.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper compares	To address this challenge, this paper compares different computational approaches for identifying the language of framing, specifically in political news coverage.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper compares	This paper compares the best-performing system in the CoNLL-2008 Shared Task (Johansson and Nugues, 2008a) with previously published constituent-based SRL systems.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper compares	This paper compares the performance of four different kinds of Gibbs samplers, Variational Bayes and Expectation Maximization on unsupervised POS tagging problems of various sizes.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper investigates	This paper investigates the problem of computing prefix probabilities for PSCFGs.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper investigates	In order to test these assumptions, this paper investigates the following questions:
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper investigates	This paper investigates the possibility of identifying speakers in anonymous multiparty dialogues.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper investigates	This paper investigates a particular subtask in text normalization: case restoration or truecasing.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper investigates	This paper investigates the issue of computing the semantic content of distributional vectors.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper describes	This paper describes a representation developed to meet these requirements.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper describes	This paper describes the design and implementation of the system.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper describes	This paper describes our system for generating Chinese aspect expressions.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper describes	This paper describes one such tool - a text tagger for Turkish.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper describes	This paper describes a novel approach for modeling such conditional probabilities.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the objective of this paper is to	The objective of this paper is to extend a Malay lexicon with count classifier information for nominal types.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the objective of this paper is to	The objective of this paper is to investigate the extent to which diathesis alternations are empirically attested in corpus data.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the objective of this paper is to	The objective of this paper is to present a label propagation based semi-supervised learning algorithm (LP algorithm) (CITE-p-14-1-12) for Relation Extraction task.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the objective of this paper is to	The objective of this paper is to propose a method that extracts indexes efficiently and weights them according to their semantic importance degree in a document using concept vector space model.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the objective of this work is to	The objective of this work is to explore the performance limit of supervised word alignment.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the objective of this work is to	The objective of this work is to propose a novel VAE model that significantly alleviates the degeneration problem.
introduction	The aim of the paper	the objective of this work is to	The objective of this work is to develop a distortion cost model that allows the distortion limit to be raised significantly without a catastrophic decrease in performance.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper aims to	This paper aims to detect new word for sentiment analysis.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper aims to	This paper aims to conduct a thorough investigation on the issue.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper aims to	This paper aims to take global rule learning one step further.
introduction	The aim of the paper	this paper aims to	This paper aims to reduce this performance gap and take discourse parsing one step further.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	this work uses * approach	This work uses a Maximum Entropy Markov Model (MEMM) based approach, which allows to combine different features.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	this work uses * approach	This work uses a machine learning approach that consists in training a sequential labeling algorithm for aspect detection and extraction.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	this work uses * approach	This work uses a support vector machine (SVM) to determine the similarity of sentence pairs, taking as input the similarity judgments of four subsystems: a set of surface features, unfolding recursive autoencoders (URAE; Socher et al., 2011), Global Vector word embeddings (GloVe; Pennington et al., 2014), and the CITE-p-12-3-7 associative matrix approach using the CITE-p-12-3-3 Generalized Categorial Grammar (GCG).
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	data * is drawn from	The evaluation data is drawn from the same distribution as the training; H values are in nats.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	data * is drawn from	Out-of-domain data is data that belongs to any other domain; in this article, the out-of-domain data is drawn from United Nations (UN) parliamentary proceedings.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	data * is drawn from	However, more acutely, the data used to develop these systems and train their models is drawn from formal and carefully edited domains, such as parallel web pages and translated legal documents.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	the approach to * is	The approach to metonymy resolution presented here is supervised, with unsupervised feature enrichment.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	the approach to * is	At the level of methodology, our work adopts the approach to model selection proposed by CITE-p-16-3-12, which is described in detail in section 4.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	by employing	We leverage on such untagged data by employing a bootstrapping strategy.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	by employing	We achieve the goal stated above by employing regularizers which promote structured sparsity.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	by employing	The context representation is achieved by employing an attention mechanism on context words.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	by employing	Specifically, we leverage on linked entities extracted by employing a readily available entity linking system.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	is adopted to	A Block Coordinate Descent algorithm is adopted to find an approximate solution.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	is adopted to	Differently from SMT, in NMT an attention model is adopted to help align output with input words.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	is adopted to	First, an unsupervised bootstrapping method is adopted to automatically separate one document into personal and impersonal views.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	is adopted to	A word embedding model is adopted to learn embeddings of entities and relations, by taking them as pseudowords.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	is adopted to	An interpolation method is adopted to estimate the parameters of the model against a reference, correctly tagged, corpus (SEMCOR).
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	are used in this	Varigrams(CITE-p-21-3-2) are used in this work, and to make LMs trained with each approach comparable, the varigrams have been grown to roughly sizes of 5 million counts.
introduction	Brief introduction to the methodology	approach * taken in this	The approach to generation taken in this paper is presented in the last row in Table 1, and can be summarized as a tiling of generation characteristics of previous proposals (see the shaded area in Table 1).
introduction	The importance of the research	this is the first study	This is the first study with such kind of comparisons.
introduction	The importance of the research	this is the first study	To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study of its kind.
introduction	The importance of the research	this is the first study	To our knowledge, this is the first study comprehensively examining the factors behind instability.
introduction	The importance of the research	this is the first study	As far as we know, this is the first study focusing on Chinese analogical reasoning.
introduction	The importance of the research	this paper offers	This paper offers several original contributions to the literature on cross-language information retrieval.
introduction	The importance of the research	this paper offers	To the best of our knowledge, this paper offers the most detailed evaluation to-date covering all these aspects.
introduction	The importance of the research	make contributions to	In this paper, we make contributions to both the data and modeling categories.
introduction	The importance of the research	make contributions to	Our experimental results demonstrate that 1) differentiating the weights of each phrase over words yields statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance, 2) the gradient descent-based parameter optimization is reasonably appropriate to our task, and 3) the proposed features can distinguish good phrases that make contributions to the retrieval performance.
introduction	The importance of the research	it is hoped that	It is hoped that by providing this, the community will be able to identify and evaluate new techniques using the methods proposed herein.
introduction	The importance of the research	it is hoped that	It is hoped that a greater engagement with sociolinguistic and CMC research will lead to new, nuanced approaches to the challenge of bad language.
introduction	The importance of the research	it is hoped that	It is hoped that this framework will enable the learning of generative processes of real-world data — including text, audio and images — by disentangling and representing the underlying latent factors in the data.
introduction	The limitation of the research	is not * of this paper	Studying the conversational threads, however, is not the focus of this paper.
introduction	The limitation of the research	is not * of this paper	The description of this algorithm is not the aim of this paper.
introduction	The limitation of the research	is not * of this paper	It is not the intention of this paper to argue for or against compositionality in semantic representations.
introduction	The limitation of the research	is not * of this paper	Since labeling is not a concern of this paper, we simply label new nodes with X-bar where X here is the parent label.
introduction	The limitation of the research	is not * of this paper	Other tasks related to changes in data distributions, like detecting concept drift in which the labeling function changes, may require labeled instances, but that is not the focus of this paper.
introduction	The limitation of the research	is beyond the scope of this	A detailed description of this test is beyond the scope of this paper.
introduction	The limitation of the research	is beyond the scope of this	Hence, it is beyond the scope of this paper to discuss them at length.
introduction	The limitation of the research	is beyond the scope of this	A general comparison of MACAON with these tools is beyond the scope of this paper.
introduction	The limitation of the research	is beyond the scope of this	Addressing all these visual challenges is clearly a formidable task which is beyond the scope of this paper.
introduction	The limitation of the research	is beyond the scope of this	Detailed analysis and interpretation of trends uncovered with the new search interface is beyond the scope of this paper.
introduction	Outline of the paper	this paper begins	This paper begins with an introduction to the Naive Bayesian classifier.
introduction	Outline of the paper	this paper begins	This paper begins with descriptions of the language modeling and grammar-based prediction systems.
introduction	Outline of the paper	this paper begins	This paper begins to address this problem by building a joint model of both parsing and named entity recognition.
introduction	Outline of the paper	this paper begins	This paper begins to fill this gap by defining TierBased Strictly Local (TSL) languages, which generalize the Strictly Local languages (CITE-p-13-3-6).
introduction	Outline of the paper	the remaining part of the paper is organized as follows	The remaining part of the paper is organized as follows.
introduction	Outline of the paper	this paper is divided into	The remainder of this paper is divided into the following sections.
introduction	Explanation or definition of terms or notations	throughout this paper	Throughout this paper we follow the notation used in [SNMP90].
introduction	Explanation or definition of terms or notations	throughout this paper	We will call them Information-oriented document labeling throughout this paper.
introduction	Explanation or definition of terms or notations	throughout this paper	Throughout this paper, we use the term “label” and “parse” interchangeably.
introduction	Explanation or definition of terms or notations	throughout this paper	Throughout this paper we use the terms “topic” and “category” interchangeably.
introduction	Explanation or definition of terms or notations	the term * has been used	The term semantic parsing has been used ambiguously to refer to several semantic tasks (e.g., semantic role labeling).
introduction	Explanation or definition of terms or notations	can be defined as follows	It can be defined as follows: Given a question and a pool of candidate passages, select the passages that contain the correct answer.
introduction	Explanation or definition of terms or notations	can be defined as follows	Relation extraction and classification can be defined as follows: given a sentence where entities are manually annotated, we aim to identify the pairs of entities that are instances of the semantic relations of interest and classify them based on a predefined set of relation types.
introduction	Explanation or definition of terms or notations	can be defined as follows	In essence, the main CQA task can be defined as follows: “given (i) a new question and (MATH-w-2-4-1-23) a large collection of question-comment threads created by a user community, rank the comments that are most useful for answering the new question”.
introduction	Explanation or definition of terms or notations	adopt the definition	Throughout this paper, we adopt the definition of tokenization proposed by CITE-p-13-1-5, which incorporates both morphological segmentation as well as orthographic character transformations.
introduction	Explanation or definition of terms or notations	adopt the definition	Here, we adopt the definition and the datasets from SemEval–2016 Task 3 (CITE-p-10-3-9) on “Community Question Answering”, focusing on subtask A (Question-Comment Similarity) only.
introduction	Explanation or definition of terms or notations	adopt the definition	We adopt the definition from CITE-p-21-1-0 who defines a collocational expression as “a syntactic and semantic unit whose exact and unambiguous meaning or connotation cannot be derived directly from the meaning or connotation of its components”.
